What did you do to my father?
We didn't do anything.
They insulted me.
My father is like this, and you are still quibbling
My father is a good man
Talking and reasonable
How is your father?
Let me take a look for you.
Hmm, isn't that good?
It's healthy, but it looks like it
Expose their light
Good family
My father is such a good person and was bullied like this by them
What do you think I should do?
Call the police and let them come to the door, Brother Huang
Is it redundant?
What do we do?
More and more people
It's okay, he's pretending here. You said my father was pretending
I don't want your face anymore.
How could my father pretend at such an old age?
Besides, what's in it for him to pretend?
Humph
Your father brought me a counterfeit, and I found out
So
He pretends to be sick to scare people, you say it's fake
This is the treasure that Master Qin personally identified.
This is the treasure of the Tang Dynasty
Then Master Qin said it was true, you sold it to Master Qin?
What are you doing here?
My father sold it to you for you
To save your fallen soul
My father is 8080
How could you lie at such an old age?
My father has been kind all his life
I'm pissed off by you
But the treasures of this thing are in the museum. Hmm
The one in the museum took me as a fake me
This is the real one.
You are awesome dad